GitBook: [dx-to-contribute_suggestion] 3 pages and 5 assets modified (#688)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing/contributing-to-airbyte/README.md

# Contributing to Airbyte

> _First_: if you feel insecure about how to start contributing, feel free to ask us on [Slack](https://slack.airbyte.io) in the \#dev or even \#general channel. You can also just go ahead with your contribution and we'll give you feedback. Don't worry,  the worst that can happen is that you'll be politely asked to change something! We appreciate any contributions, and we don't want a wall of rules to stand in the way of that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contribution! We love community contributions. Contribution guidelines are listed below. If you're unsure about how to start contributing or have any questions even after reading them, feel free to ask us on [Slack](https://slack.airbyte.io) in the \#dev or \#general channel. 
```

5. [Ways you can contribute](https://docs.airbyte.io/v/dx-to-contribute_suggestion/contributing/contributing-to-airbyte#5-ways-you-can-contribute)
6. [Review process](https://docs.airbyte.io/v/dx-to-contribute_suggestion/contributing/contributing-to-airbyte#6-review-process)

## 1. Code of conduct

Please follow our [Code of conduct](https://docs.airbyte.io/contributing/code-of-conduct) in the context of any contributions made to Airbyte.

## 2. The Airbyte specification

Before you can start contributing, you need to understand [Airbyte's data protocol specification](https://docs.airbyte.io/architecture/airbyte-specification). 

## 3. First-time contributors, welcome!

We appreciate first time contributors and we are happy to assist you in getting started. In case of questions, just reach out to us via [email](mailto:hey@airbyte.io) or [Slack](https://slack.airbyte.io)!

Here is a list of easy [good first issues](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/labels/good%20first%20issue) to do.

## 4. Areas for contributing

### **New integrations**

> It's easy to add your own integrations to Airbyte! Here are some links to instruct how to add sources and destinations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's easy to add your own integrations to Airbyte! Since Airbyte Connectors are encapsulated within Docker containers, you can use any language you like. Here are some links on how to add sources and destinations. 
```

#### **Contributing sources:**

* [In Python](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-integrations/connector-templates/python-source/README.md)
* [Based on Singer Taps in Python](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-integrations/connector-templates/singer-source/README.md)

#### **Contributing destinations:**

* [In Java](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-integrations/connector-templates/java-destination/README.md)

> Please reach out to us if you'd like help developing integrations in other languages. **Indeed, you are able to create integrations using the language you want, as Airbyte connections run as Docker containers.** We haven't built the documentation for all languages yet, that's all. 

Reviewer: can we move this section up closer to the suggestion? I think it's useful to say this upfront since the following links are language-specific.

Author: Made the change.

### **Documentation**

Our goal is to keep our docs comprehensive and updated. If you would like to help us in doing so, we are grateful for any kind of contribution:

* Report missing content
* Fix errors in existing docs
* Help us in adding to the docs

The contributing guide for docs can be found [here](https://docs.airbyte.io/contributing/contributing-to-airbyte/updating-documentation).

### **Community content**

> Since we launched our [Tutorials page](http://airbyte.io/tutorials), we are happy about contributions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions to any of the guides on our [tutorials page](http://airbyte.io/tutorials):
```

> * Fix errors in existing learn tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix errors in existing tutorials
```

> * Add new tutorials \(please reach out to us if you have ideas to avoid duplicate word\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new tutorials \(please reach out to us if you have ideas to avoid duplicate work\)
```

> * Requesting tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Request tutorials
```
to keep a consistent voice throughout the list ("fix", "add", "request")

### **Requesting new integrations**

This is very similar to requesting new features. The template will change a bit and all integration requests will be tagged with the “**community\_new**” and “**area/integration**” labels.

To see what has already been proposed by the community, you can look [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/labels/area%2Fintegration). Again, watch out for duplicates!

### **Reporting bugs**

**‌**Bug reports help us make Airbyte better for everyone. We provide a preconfigured template for bugs to make it very clear what information we need.

‌Please search within our [already reported bugs](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Atype%2Fbug) before raising a new one to make sure you're not raising a duplicate.

### **Reporting security issues**

Please do not create a public GitHub issue. If you've found a security issue, please email us directly at [security@airbyte.io](mailto:security@airbyte.io) instead of raising an issue.

## **6. Review process**

> **‌‌**If you are considering adding to the codebase or contributing a new integration, first a big thank you. We sincerely appreciate your help in our mission to solve the data integration problem!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**‌‌**If you are considering adding to the codebase or contributing a new integration: a big thank you! We sincerely appreciate your help.
```

Reviewer: suggested phrasing doesn't make use of "our" mission since it could imply it's not also theirs ;)

> As soon as you are done with your development, just put up a PR.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as you are done with your development, just put up a PR.  You're also always welcome to reach out during or before development.
```

When we review we look at:

* ‌Does the PR solve the issue?
* Is the proposed solution reasonable?
* Is it tested? \(unit tests or integration tests\)
* Is it introducing security risks?

> * Does it pass QA?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
